---
title: Busy Week
author: ashleyearl
layout: post
permalink: /archives/24
categories:
  - Earl Family
---
This past week has been really busy for us, but it has also been very exciting.  Wednesday  was our third anniversary.  We didn&#8217;t do much to celebrate that night, we went out later on in the week. I also had a doctor&#8217;s appointment.  We were worried this little boy was not in the right position and they may have to move him, so we did a little ultrasound.  The good news is he is in the correct position, the bad news, he was already measuring big.  I had to go in the next day for an ultrasound to determine his size and he is measuring about 2 weeks early.  So we may have our new one here a little sooner than planned!

Friday Bobby and I went out to celebrate our anniversary.  My mom came to pick up Reeves after work to have him stay with her for the night. We went out to Basil for dinner and it was delicious.  After dinner we headed over to the Hippodrome to see Harry Potter.  I loved it, Bobby said it was the worst one yet.   After the movie we headed home because it was past midnight and that is pretty late for us these days. 

Today we headed over to Summerville to pick up Reeves.  We really don&#8217;t like to be away from him for too long.  We start to miss him to much.  We also had my work holiday party tonight over at the James Island county park.  We ate some good food and then drove around the park to see the Christmas lights.  Reeves really enjoyed the lights.  I love getting to enjoy those things with a child, it makes it so much more exciting.

Tomorrow we really don&#8217;t have much going on. Although I want to finish getting everything ready for the baby since he may be here before we know it.  Other than htat though we are looking forward to a nice relaxing end to an eventful week.