---
title: Update!
author: ashleyearl
layout: post
permalink: /archives/56
categories:
  - Family
  - Reeves
  - William
---
I have been busy busy busy lately.  My little sister is getting married this weekend, so we have been going every weekend with wedding showers and events for the big day!  I am so excited for her.  I know that she is going to be a beautiful bride and is marrying a great guy who I know will keep her happy. I can&#8217;t wait for Saturday!

Weddings always make me think about my wedding/marriage and I realize how lucky I am with mine.  After almost 4 years of being married I still think it is a blast!  He takes such great care of me and the boys and keeps me laughing all the time.  I love you Bobby.

Now an update on the boys.  Reeves is growing up way to quickly.  The littlest change is always so bittersweet to me. For example, when told to say &#8220;thank you&#8221; he used to say &#8220;very much&#8221; instead.  I guess I always say &#8220;thank you very much&#8221; or someone does.  I&#8217;m not sure where he picked it up.  However, now he just says &#8220;Thank you&#8221;  and I find myself so sad about this.  I know it&#8217;s a little silly.

William is becoming so much more vocal.  He sat at dinner tonight and talked the whole time.  Well babbled.  He isn&#8217;t doing any &#8220;dada&#8217;s&#8221; or &#8220;mama&#8217;s&#8221;  yet but it is still great to hear his voice.  I have started reading to him at night.  I know I started when Reeves was a newborn but at 3 months, well 4 months in a few days, I still think its okay.  He LOVES the books.  He gets so into them.  It is the funniest thing. He notices who I am now when I walk in the room.  I love both how both of my boys smile and their eyes light up when I walk in the room.   It is the best feeling!

Well that is what we have been up to so far.

&nbsp;